
# DAD-CDM Project – PGB Meeting Minutes
## Date: November 9th, 2023

## Links:
* Project: [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm)
* PGB: [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb)

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai), Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation, non-voting member), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU)

**Apologies:** Duncan Sparrel (sFractal), Georgianna Shea (FDD), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Polly Lambert (Logically.ai)

**Guests:** Henry Adams (Crisp), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)

## Agenda
1. Any announcements from the chairs or OASIS (Chairs/OASIS)
2. Meeting Guidelines from now on (Danielle)
3. Review TSC and finalize any outstanding comments (Jean-Phillipe)
4. Agenda items for the next meeting
5. AOB.

## Summary of decisions and ac7ons
1. Any announcements from the chairs or OASIS (Chairs/OASIS) (5 minutes)
	* New members:
		* Welcome to Charles Smith for JHU/APL
		* Also to Henry Adams for Crisp (non-voting in this meeting).
	* Claudia:
		* Launch press release
		* The deadline for comments and additional quotes is this Friday, 10 November
		* Mary Beth is planning to sent next week – exact date TBC
		* FAQ
			* Document needs to be finalized in time for attachment to the release
			* Internal and external FAQs needed – external is the priority for the release
			* Stephen kindly offered to take the lead on these.
2. Meeting Guidelines from now on (Danielle) (10 minutes)
	* Rules of the road for remote meetings. Danielle walked through a document
	* For reference, this document is here on this link
	* It is held within the internal files folder on the project g/drive.
3. Review TSC and finalize any outstanding comments (Jean-Phillipe)
	* We stepped through the comments and suggested changes on this draft document
	* See the document for the version and comment history
	* We reviewed the open comments and finalized them during the session
	* Decision
	* The final version was uploaded to the Portal
	* Jean-Philippe asked for a proposer
		* Stephen passed the motion to approve the TSC Charter,
		* Danielle seconded the motion
		* The motion was approved by unanimous consent. [1]
4. Agenda items for the next meeting:
	* Consensus on this agenda
		* Agreeing the five founding members of the TSC
		* Review Case Study
		* Brainstorming exercise for TSC iniTal work items.
	* Also agreed/noted
		* The need for a longer ‘working meeting’, with a break between items
		* Also, there is a conflict for Thanksgiving
		* A Doodle poll is needed to firm up on the date.
5. AOB
	* Stephen: CTI-TC will be discussing the process for extending STIX next Friday
	* Need to put this on the Project calendar – Jon to do this aier the meeTng
	* Vitkor: Is there an automaTc calendar sync?
	* Claudia: We need to download the ICS, as this is not (yet) automated.

### Footnotes:
[1] Duncan Sparrell sent his vote in favor [via email](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb/message/137).
