# DAD-CDM Project –  PGB meeting minutes
## Date: October 5th, 2023

## Links:
* Project: [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm)
* PGB: [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb)

**Present:** Georgianna Shea (FDD) (co-chair), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran) (co-chair), Stephen Campbell (DISARM), Polly Lambert (Logically), Duncan Sparrell (sFractal), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU)
Danielle Deibler (MarvelousAI)(co-sec), Jon Brewer (DISARM)(co-sec, non-voting member)

**Apologies:** Emily Brown (JHU APL), Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Rachele Gilman (GDI), John-Orr Hanna (Crisp Thinking)

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS)


## Summary of decisions and actions
* Outstanding actions: review 24 August meeting notes and actions
* Action: George will finalise and circulate ppt, mainly summarising this meeting
* Action: All to review the ppt
* Action: Stephen to check all are on Slack
* Action: Jon to check all are on G/drive
* Action: Jean-Philippe to make first GitHub contribution and act as Maintainer.

## Meeting notes
* Review of last meeting’s actions
	* We did not review the previous meeting minutes, as these are not on the Portal
	* Jon will ask Danielle/others if anyone has notes of the 21st September meeting
	* 7th September meeting was cancelled
	* 24th August meeting – we have actions around the TSC setup to pursue
* Administrative issues
 * We discussed more ‘ways of working’ around what is put where, why and who has access
 * George has started a ppt and will circulate this for comment – eg g/drive, portal, Slack, Github
* On the Portal:
	* we write - all others read
	* we use this for PGB balloting
	* list-wise, we need clarity on PGB (voting/non-voting/Oasis) and wider distribution
	* Duncan: we need to change the Portal pages’ wording, so we’re clear which is which
	* Duncan: nothing is official, if not on this site
	* We agreed titles (Oasis internally refer to ‘Groups-IO’):
		* Oasis DAD-CDM Community Portal
		* Oasis DAD-CDM PGB Member Portal
* Google drive:
	* Jon: thanks for Kelly’s help, this is now all under the Oasis domain
	*This is not for final docs, but for ‘working’ files and, eg, for GDPR compliance
	* For security, no use of “anyone with the link can view this file”
	* Jon to check we’re all in and using
* Slack:
  * Used for the widest possible audience
  * A separate channel within this for the PGB – Kelly to set this up
  * No files kept here, but links to the portal/drive
  * Some members to not look at Slack regularly - be aware
  * Possibly vote to pay for a full licence (allowing chat history beyond 90 days)
  * Stephen to check we’re all in and using
* GitHub:
	* The official place for Contributions
	* Bringing these in correctly ensures they are legally binding (ECL)
	* Also Project output - ie. “Project Work Products”
	* Jean-Philippe will be a temporary maintainer and make a contribution from Filigran
* Some discussion of PGB rules and membership
	* If the PGB is informed in advance, an organisation can change its PGB representative
	* We invite other people to the PGB to contribute/observe, but not vote
	* One was missing from George’s ppt; we now have 12 voting members and 1 non-voting
* Project focus
	* Jon: Can we run the ‘ways of working’ discussions in parallel to starting the project drive?
	* Duncan: Let’s make sure we get contributions into the repo
	* Jon: Yes; also ensure PGB collective understanding of Charter, shaping of a roadmap (goals and priorities and vision) and key first steps (eg. observables)
	* Stephen: Agreed – let’s work in parallel: top down and bottom up.
