# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes

## Date: 2023-11-30

**Present:** Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation - non-voting member), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran), Henry Adams (Crisp), Polly Lambert (Logically.ai), Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU); Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai) joined toward the end of the meeting

**Apologies:** Duncan Sparrel (sFractal), Georgianna Shea (FDD), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Rachele Gilman (GDI), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)

## Agenda
1. Call meeting to order, establish a quorum (Danielle Deibler) (1 minute)
2. Review TSC Final Candidates. (Jon Brewer) (15 minutes)
3. Unblocking GitHub Contributions (Jean-Philippe) (20 minutes)
4. Webinar Series Logistics (Danielle Deibler) (10 minutes)
5. Quick Agenda Bash for the Next PGB Meeting (Danielle Deibler) (5 minutes)
6. Now that we are officially launched, if you know others who are interested in contributing, please use the following contact methods to get people involved:
	* General email (OASIS community steward team): [op-admin@oasis-open.org](op-admin@oasis-open.org)
	* For Slack, use this [invite link](https://join.slack.com/t/dad-cdm/shared_invite/zt-25gz262b7-P7F~~2hdjkQqrHSy7J_pSA)
	* Community Portal (mailing list): [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm).

## Summary of decisions and actions
2. Review TSC Final Candidates (Jon)
	* We talked through the TSC candidates doc
	* Jon: set the context and walked through names 1-5 before throwing it open for discussion
	* Polly: Keep an eye on the skill mix
	* Rafi: keep a spread of orgs for reach and credibility
	* Decision: All present agreed with the list as it stood
	* Kelly and Claudia confirmed that a vote is not required for this
	* The meeting agreed that we would move forward in the following ways:
		* ACTION: Stephen and Jon to create a template outreach email, including: 1. The immediate priorities for the TSC; 2. work products expected; and 3. Time commitment
		* ACTION: Email candidates and ask for replies to email by x date, with rolling process, reaching out to others, subject to the responses we get
	* Stephen offered to act as Convenor for the first meeting of the TSC, date TBC
	* Claudia explained that Stephen should convene the first meeting, which then votes for Chair, Sec and PGB liaison
	* Kelly: TSC members also need to sign eCLA and iCLA
3. Unblocking GitHub contributions
	* Stephen: hoping for a simple contribution process, in particular to make
		contributions easily accessible.
	* Claudia: offered to give a 15-min run through of Github and contribution process if needed - staged approach to avoid compromises to the code base.
	* Viktor: yes to Claudia’s offer of training
	* Viktor: GitHub is standard and also used to linked to CTI instances; use other places for model development - eg. MIRO?
	* Stephen: the document we will discuss includes his thinking on the project
		‘architecture’, including a Common Object Repository (COR) - perhaps a 2-step process before this
	* Here is a link to the [Common Object Repository](https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-stix-common-objects)
	* Jon: pre-work (g/drive) vs. ‘product’ contributions (GitHub)
	* Stephen: near-product contributions vs. design documents for discussion
	* Kelly & Claudia: version control and IPR policy need to be taken into consideration for other platforms than Github where this is automated. Will research what the best process is to comply with OASIS IPR policies and alternative tools.
4. Webinar Series Logistics - discussion postponed
5. Quick Agenda Bash for the Next PGB Meeting - discussion postponed
