# DAD-CDM Project –  PGB meeting minutes
## Date: August 24th, 2023

## Links:
* Project: [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm)
* PGB: [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb)

**Present:**
Stephen Campbell (DISARM) (acting Chair for the meeting), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Polly Lambert (Logically), Danielle Deibler (MarvelousAI), Raﬁ Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Duncan Sparrell (sFractal), Jon Brewer (DISARM) (Secretary, non-voting member)

Note: the meeting was quorate (>six), but previous meeting minutes not formally approved, as neither Co-Chair could make this meeting

## Summary of decisions and actions
* Outstanding actions from previous meeting:
	* Action: All to review TSC list – add in suggestions
	* Action: Chet to suggest draft governance
	* Action: Have we all read the content of the github (homework!)
* Decision: TSC should be 7
* Decision: In year-1, the TSC membership will be agreed by the PGB; thereafter, we intend (decision not ﬁnalised) to create selection by the TSC itself
* Decision: No further changes to the Project Charter – leave this open for future ﬂexibility
	* Action: Set up a g/drive on the OASIS domain – Chet
	* Action: After further names added to TSC list, create 7 recommendations within a shortlist of 14 for decision at the next PGB – Stephen and Jon.

## Meeting notes
* Administrative issues
	* We had a number of issues – eg: Raﬁ not receiving the meeting invite; Danielle not seeing the link within the invite; Jean-Philippe not having access to Stephen’s TSC ﬁles by g/drive; some anonymous posting on a ﬁle
	* We worked through all of these and resolved them in turn; any outstanding issues to be emailed to Jon/Danielle/Kelly
	* We agreed to set up a g/drive on the OASIS domain and not use the DISARM Foundation – Chet offered to action this.
* Review of last meeting’s actions
	* Action: Chet will follow up with Kelly re: Github permissions (Co-Chairs/Sec minimum) – done
	* Action: Stephen to share the TSC list individually via google drive – done
	* Action: All to review TSC list – do we have the right mix? – still in progress
	* Action: Chet to suggest governance; straw man draft – Chet will share in a couple of days
	* Action: Have we all read the content of the github (homework!) – need to check this still
	* Action: Chet will set up Slack for the project – done.
* Technical Steering Committee set-up
	* Stephen shared his screen, showing the names already suggested
	* We agreed the size of the TSC should be 7
	* This is a small number, reﬂecting the ‘3-level’ approach outlined by Duncan at the last meeting – ie. the majority of involvement is at level-3: Contributor
	* All: please add names to the list
	* Stephen: realised the linkages to the three EU Horizon projects, linked to DAD/CDM; also the role that DebunkEU plays across these
	* Stephen/Jon: then to suggest 7 within a shortlist of 14 for decision at the next PGB
	* Jon (supplementary, post meeting, for these notes): Suggest we create a list of people to approach in turn, to test availability/’appetite’ and make an offer if good on both counts
	* In year-1, the TSC membership will be agreed by the PGB; thereafter, we intend (decision not ﬁnalised) to create selection by the TSC itself
	* Danielle: What’s the process? Do they sign something?
	* Raﬁ: suggest we have sizeable/strong reputation orgs within the TCS
	* Jon: agreed, but also suggested the primary criteria being skills/experience
	* Jon: when do we start shaping the project: deﬁning priorities; starting with cyber observables?; agreeing ABCDE? scope? etc.
	* We agreed the TSC is the immediate priority; the PGB can then task the TSC with researching/suggesting answers to speciﬁc questions
	* Duncan: a future issue to be aware of – the difference between “deﬁne” and “describe” – a really important distinction.
* Project scope
	* The above discussions prompted a discussion around scope; there was a suggestion we limit the project to FIMI only
	* Stephen: disagreed with this, but asked if we should reﬂect any further deﬁnition/reﬁnement of the scope in the Project Charter?
	* Chet and Duncan: No – there are other mechanisms (eg. a project speciﬁcation doc). Both strongly advised we leave the Charter more open, so that we do not restrict ourselves unwittingly further down the line.
