# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## Date: 18 July 2024

**Present:**  Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai), Max Lesser (FDD), Mark Finlayson (TSC rep on the PGB), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation - non-voting member). 

**Apologies:** Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Henry Adams (Resolver), Quentin Denigot (Storyzy), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Roby Luna (Aretec), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU).

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

_Quorum:_ 13 PGB members, 7 needed for quorum

## Agenda:

* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle, Claudia) (2 minutes)
* Adding a Co-Chair, nominations in the meeting (Max) (10 minutes) - vote planned for the mailing list
* Engagement with external stakeholders t (Max) (15 minutes)
* General TSC Update, Response to PGB inquiry from June Meeting, and Responses to questions from external stakeholders (10 minutes)
* What do we need to raise some additional funding for DAD-CDM? (Jon) (10 minutes)
* Working Group Updates:
  * Use Case Working Group (Max) (10 minutes)
  * Comms Working Group (Danielle) (5 minutes)
* Conversation Topic:
* How do we build community and get more people involved with the project in general?  What is the call to action when we promote DAD-CDM? (Danielle, Max, Jon) (30 minutes)

## Notes:

* Call to order, assess quorum
  * No quorum, but also no decisions to take
* Adding a Co-Chair, nominations in the meeting (Max)
  * Max explained that we would vote via mailing list
  * Max also nominated Danielle, who he believes has great skills to help with project momentum.
* Engagement with external stakeholders (Max)
  * Max, Mark and Stephen spoke with external stakeholders yesterday. 
  * Things they need:
    * Answers to 7 specific questions
    * A literature review for them (Mark)
    * A project timeline
    * Options for engaging with DAD-CDM.
  * Questions from the external stakeholders: Rosalie and Stephen will take the lead and formulate thoughts by the end of the month.  A fuller, more coherent response will be given within a couple of months.
* General TSC Update (Mark)
  * Met last Tuesday; fortnightly going forward
  * The TSC is looking at the questions from the PGB/external stakeholders and working on the preliminary project timeline
  * Prioritizing – the first four threat areas initially identified as possible priorities are:
    * FIMI
    * Cyber-enabled information threats
    * Fraud/Ad-tech/phishing
    * Threats during crises
  * Discussion about potential other areas and use cases
    * Mark suggested the need to stay focused, and that an agile approach might help to capture all ideas in the backlog for bringing forward when there is time
  * FIMI-ISAC relationship
    * Discussion of the option to ask FIMI-ISAC PGB members to engage FIMI-ISAC more in the work of DAD-CDM. In order to get more STIX skills into DAD-CDM, we can also loop in others who have recently joined the project Slack.
  * TSC Literature review – Zotero library used to create a list of relevant literature. Read access can be given to anyone who’d like it.
* Working Group updates
  * Use cases working group – as above, the TSC is open to new use case suggestions, but again needs to be aware of scope creep 
    * Additional note for the minutes: the proposal has been the TSC to talk in terms of “case studies” to inform data modeling; and for the Use cases working group to, of course, talk about “use cases” – these being more for conveying the wider purpose of DAD-CDM in general outreach and awareness communication.
* What do we need to raise additional funding for DAD-CDM? (Jon)
  * Need to be clear on what we need funding for
  * Need to identify a fundraising team and the funders to target

### Following Items were postponed to a later meeting
* Conversation Topic:
  * How do we build community and get more people involved in general?
  * What is the call to action when we promote DAD-CDM? (Danielle, Max, Jon)

## Action items
* Max/Danielle/Jon to arrange a meeting with Rachele to discuss FIMI-ISAC collaboration
* Jon to follow up with Rachele about potentially applying jointly for a grant
* Danielle to send out a Doodle poll for regular Communications working group meetings
* Claudia to work with Max on creating the vote for the co-chair position and the project name change
* Mark to request the TSC starts on a project timeline at their next meeting.

