# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## Date: 2024-12-19 

**Present:**    
Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Max Lesser (FDD), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation), Quentin Denigot (Storyzy)

**Apologies:**   
Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Rachele Gilman (GDI)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Culliane (OASIS), Holly Petersen (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS)

Quorum: 9 PGB members in total, 6 needed for quorum, 5 members present

## Agenda

* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (2 minutes)
* Joint Meeting Planning
  * Discuss and finalize dates/times for the January joint meeting with TSC
* Use Cases Discussion
  * Solicit use cases from group members
  * Potential presentation to PGB in January or February
  * Consider documenting recent use cases from members' experiences
* TSC Update (Mark)
  * Provide current TSC status update
* Working Group Status
  * Evaluate Use Case Working Group's future per comment in Nov
  * Discuss potential retirement or redirection of the working group
  * Prospect Development
    * Brainstorm potential new members/companies for PGB
    * Discuss forming a prospective member outreach working group

## Minutes

* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (2 minutes)  
  * The meeting is not quorate with 5 of 9 voting members present.  
* Outreach Discussion (Holly)  
  * Holly asked what corporate entities would we like to see involved  
  * An outreach process was proposed, with letters of introduction where possible and inviting prospective members to meetings   
  * A number of large companies were suggested, as well as IO specialist organizations and those on IO-related projects worldwide  
  * Jim said he was open to working in partnership with other collaborative efforts that are seeking sponsorship, to avoid duplication of effort  
* Meeting times (Danielle) (15 minutes)  
  * Danielle opened up the discussion as Jon had raised the question of meeting every other month. Danielle and others thought this is not enough. However, one hour might be better than 90 minutes and Max agreed that an hour would also encourage more participation. The PGB decided to change the length of the meeting to 60 minutes going forward.
  * In addition, we are looking for a special joint meeting between PGB and TSC – ideally January.  Danielle suggested 90 minutes for this, and to use the next PGB date.  
* Use Cases Working Group   
  * Mark suggested one more UCWG meeting is needed to finalise the document.  Max agreed and then suggested we then sunset the group  
  * We need to ensure we keep PII off the document  
  * People don’t understand ‘data models’, but stories.  We can draw on much of what is happening around the world. Max has many examples to hand; also aware of the work of Checkfirst and others  
  * Danielle said it would be helpful to focus on use cases at RightsCon  
  * Doppelganger is the priority for the TSC  
  * There are different criteria for what matters to the PGB and the TSC respectively, with the PGB being more to help illustrate at a higher level.  
* TSC Update (Mark) (25 minutes)   
  * Mark updated the PGB that two meetings have been held since the last PGB  
  * Mark has been have trying to reach back out to certain members, as attendance has slipped again  
  * Good progress being made on Channels, and Mark working on Narratives representation  
  * However, the technical work is resource-constrained  
  * Max was going to speak with a contact at JHU after liaising with Margot, but we are moving into the holiday period  
  * Jon suggested other names of STIX experts that he will reach out to  
  * One PGB action requested from the TSC is to ask who did ‘Relationships’ in STIX?  OASIS will ask and revert back

