# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes
## Date: 2024-01-18

**Present:** Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran)(for the first 3 minutes), Henry Adams (Crisp Thinking), Polly Lambert (Logically.ai), Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Charles Smith (JHU/APL),  Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation - non-voting member), Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai), Ramón Ruti (Storyzy)

**Apologies:** Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), , Duncan Sparrel (sFractal), Georgianna Shea (FDD), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Rachele Gilman (GDI), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS)

## Agenda

* Call to order. Establish Quorum 
* Welcome new members and introduction round
* Webinar Presentation, Jane Harnad
* Update on the TSC, Jon Brewer
* Overview of first tasks for the TSC, Stephen Campbell or Jon Brewer
* Case Study Review, Stephen Campbell
* Quick Overview of the Google Drive Process, Claudia Rauch
	* [Relevant Link](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb/topic/contrinbutions_via_gdrive_for/103744978?p=,,,20,0,0,0::recentpostdate/sticky,,,20,2,0,103744978,previd%3D1705341976063557822,nextid%3D1701104644567290345&previd=1705341976063557822&nextid=1701104644567290345)
* Any other business if time permits


## Summary of decisions and actions
* Introductions made (Danielle)
* Newcomer to the call:  welcome Ramon Ruti, CTO at Storyzy 
* Webinar presentation (Jane)
	* Meetings held to gauge interest of Global Resilience Federation (GRF), Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA) and National Council of ISACs (NCI)
	* Three briefings or two?  Suggested that Jane asks GRF and NCI if happy to share one call
	* Looking to schedule for late February
* TSC overview (Jon)
	* Jon gave a brief overview of the TSC structure, goals and the process to date on recruiting TSC members
	* Minimum five acceptances have been received, so first meeting can be organized
	* Jon will:
		* Continue to send invitations
		* Send email addresses to Claudia for OASIS TSC list management
	* For next steps, Danielle suggested and group agreed:
		* An ‘icebreaker’ meeting in w/c 12 Feb (Stephen committed up to and including w/c 5 Feb)
		* TSC invited to ISAC webinars at the end of February
		* First full meeting to be called in early March
* First tasks for TSC (Stephen)
	* Stephen explained the first tasks of the TSC in terms of codifying the observables necessary to model disinformation threats. Also make use of existing work in this space.
* Case Study Review (Stephen)
	* Balthor use case 
	* Stephen explained the basic hypothetical use case that was proposed by  Duncan. 
	* TSC in the short-term needs to examine existing STIX objects for their applicability to disinformation, define new properties and relationships as necessary, and define new objects, identifiers and properties which are needed. 
* Quick Overview of the Google Drive Process  (Claudia)
	* Stephen will keep an eye on the email list until a more formal for accepting contributions is in place. Will be the job of TSC and/or Maintainers.




