# 24-09-19 – PGB agenda/notes -- DRAFT

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MarvelousAi), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation), Quentin Denigot (Storyzy)

**Apologies:** Max Lesser (FDD), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Henry Adams (Resolver), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Roby Luna (Aretec), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU).

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Culliane (OASIS), Antonius Stalick (JHUAPL)

_Quorum: 13 PGB members, 7 needed for quorum_

## Agenda
* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (2 minutes)
* Jon Brewer will now be the voting member of the PGB for Disarm (Danielle) (1 minute)
  * Jon now voting member for DISARM Foundation instead of Stephen, Stephen is focussing on TSC going forward
* External Stakeholder discussion updates (Danielle) (5 minutes)
  * Danielle suggested that the goal should be to keep these entities informed about the project's progress and collect feedback, rather than seeking their membership on the PGB.
  * Mark reported that the TSC (Rosalie and Stephen) responded to a set of questions from the group of external stakeholders
* TSC Update - (Mark) (15 minutes)
  * Looking at Doppelganger and other test cases; finding gaps/issues
  * TSC is still looking for more STIX knowledge; two new members added and joining next Tuesday
  * Max/Danielle are looking into further connections for STIX experience
  * Danielle asked Mark to convey thanks to Margot, Rosalie and the TSC team for the great progress being made.
* Name Change Discussion (Danielle) (2  minutes)
  * A vote was held, but the motion did not pass:  4 Yes votes, 3 Abstentions, 0 No votes
  * 7 out of 12 members participated; some PGB members who have been absent from recent meetings did participate
  * There was a discussion about why some members might have abstained
  * Danielle proposed revisiting the vote on the project's name change after gathering more feedback from team members. Jon suggested putting the vote back out immediately, while Danielle wanted more input first. Claudia recommended sending an email with context to those who didn't attend the meetings before revoting.
* RightsCon 2025, RSA 2025 (Danielle) (5 minutes)
  * Panel proposal for RightsCon event in February 2025 was accepted
  * Danielle asked for volunteers to help craft DAD-CDM pitches
  * Mark will make these requests to the TSC; 
  * Max and Danielle will be working on ideas/drafts
  * Danielle asked for other event possibilities and Jon mentioned the Cambridge Disinformation Summit next year
* Working Group Updates:
  * Use Case Working Group (Mark) ( 5 minutes)
    * Mark provided this a Working Document 
  * Comms Working Group (Danielle) (5 minutes)
    * Met once in the last month; basic messaging and re-working of the website; Danielle will have more time to invest after current workload subsides
  * Blue Working Group (Jon) ( 2  minutes)
    * Jon took the action, but has been stretched at DISARM this summer.  Informal discussions have been held already and a number of folks are waiting to get invited in.  DISARM Blue update is on the books for October/November. The PGB agreed we should begin this initiative under a working group under the PGB, so that we can let the TSC remain focused on the current Red work program.




