# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## 21 November 2024

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation), Max Lesser (FDD), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Rachele Gilman (GDI)

**Regrets:** Quentin Denigot (Storyzy), Charles Smith (JHU/APL)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Culliane (OASIS), Holly Petersen (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS)

_Quorum: 9 PGB members, 6 needed for quorum_

## Agenda
* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (2 minutes)
  * The meeting is quorate with 7 of 9 voting members present
* Name Change Discussion (Max) (15 minutes)
  * Max introduced the subject, explaining the need to update the project name - eg. that the data model encapsulates issues far wider than disinformation, modeling other forms of manipulative behaviors - and suggesting to keep the acronym for reasons that include speed, simplicity and consistency of brand recognition.
  * There was a brief discussion.
  * Danielle proposed a motion to change the project name from “Defending Against Disinformation” to “Defending Against Deception”. Jon seconded the motion. Danielle then asked if there were any objections to the name change. There were no objections and no abstentions. The name change was approved with a Full Majority Vote
  * OASIS staff will therefore update all DAD-CDM assets to reflect the new name
* Outbound Communications, Fundraising, and “Marketing” in the first half of 2025 (Danielle) (15 minutes)
  * Danielle discussed the team's plans for the first half of 2025, including an accepted remote session at RightsCon 2025. Further, there are submissions of talks for RSA and the Financial Services ISAC
  * Danielle encouraged team members to submit potential conferences for consideration. 
  * Holly mentioned that OASIS will organize a stakeholders call to identify potential new sponsors for the project. 
* TSC Update (Mark) (25 minutes) 
  * Mark updated the PGB that solid work has been put into:
    * Actors object
    * Incidents – Stephen presented an analysis
    * Channels – what is a Channel and how should it be represented?
    * Relationships – TSC members have been in touch with STIX creators to see if we can follow the original design
  * A first written draft is expected by the end of January.   
  * Two TSC members need to step down because of time constraints.
    * Discussion regarding potential new TSC members
    * Claudia mentioned that any new TSC members need to be appointed by the PGB
* Working Group Status: 
  * Use Case Working Group (Mark) ( 5 minutes)
  * Comms Working Group (Danielle) (5 minutes)
  * Blue Working Group (Jon) ( 2  minutes)
    * No time left for WG updates
