# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes 
## Date: 2024-03-21

**Present:**  Henry Adams (Resolver), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation - non-voting member), Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai),  Max Lesser (FDD),  Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran - left the call at 60 mins in), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Polly Lambert (Logically.ai), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU)

**Apologies:** Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Charles Smith (JHU/APL),  Ramón Ruti (Storyzy), Roby Luna (Aretec), Duncan Sparrel (sFractal).

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS)


## Agenda:
* TSC Update (Stephen) 15 minutes
* Project Name Discussion (Max) 15 minutes
* Comms Working Group Update (Max) 15 minutes
* Automation Village - Key Takeaways (Max and Stephen) 15 minutes
  * What's the Plan? (All) ~40 minutes
  * Agreement on the overall mission and framing of the problem to solve
  * High-level goals and milestones  
  * Aspirational timeline
  * Red team v. Blue team
  * What are some potential accelerators?
  * Identify our key stakeholders


## Summary of decision and actions

* TSC Update (Stephen):
  * Stephen acted as convener for the first TSC session
    * presented the project charter and ways of working, including governance and contribution workflow
    * Primarily,  the TSC meeting was about discussing the goals for the TSC and first steps and use cases; brief discussion of STIX extensions
  * Max:  How does the TSC relate – do we guide TSC’s work?
  * Stephen: there will be a TSC representative to the PGB to act as a liaison between the two committees; to be elected by the TSC
* Project Name Discussion (Max):
  * There was a short discussion about the project name. 
  * There were differing opinions whether to keep the name or change it 
  * The topic was delegated to the Comms working group for further discussion and a proposal on how to proceed.
* Comms Working Group Update (Max):
  * Max gave a brief update on the first WG meeting; the group wants to review language for the website, create slide decks etc.
  * Claudia:  mentions that there is a dedicated Slack channel; encouraged PGB members to reach out to people from the comms departments of their orgs to join this effort
  * Jane - event updates: 
    * thanks to Max for attending Cybersecurity Automation Village event
    * blog sent to RSA (May 6th)
    * EU Identity and Cloud Event - Pablo and Daniella are there - can we get a PGB member to join them?
    * Jane asks PGB members to reach out if they know of related event, or are presenting on the topic
    * ISAC presentations - scheduling for May 
* Automation Village - Key Takeaways (Max and Stephen):    
  * Max:  DAD-CDM presentation went well
  * Stephen:  A number of diverse cyber tools have been developed; Stephen looking to see if there is anything we can repurpose; Indicators of Behavior and Ontological work could be useful.
  * What's the Plan? (All) ~40 minutes
  * Agreement on the overall mission and framing of the problem to solve
  * High-level goals and milestones
  * Aspirational timeline
  * Red team v. Blue team
  * What are some potential accelerators?
  * Identify our key stakeholders
    * Agreement and action item to start a Planning group
    * Danielle suggests a  Fundraising group; what budget do we need?  What for?
      * Action Item for Kelly:  get a balance sheet for the project
    * Jon offers to get  the ball rolling on the Blue side with a specific look at Actor Type taxonomy on the defender side
