# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes 
## Date: 2024-02-15

**Present:** Henry Adams (Crisp Thinking), Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation – non-voting member), Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai), Ramón Ruti (Storyzy), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU - joining late), Duncan Sparrel (sFractal), Roby Luna (Aretec), Max Lesser (FDD)

**Apologies:** Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran), Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Rob Schaul(Limbik), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Polly Lambert (Logically.ai), 

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS)

**Minutes**: Jon Brewer

## Agenda

* Call to order. Establish Quorum 
* Welcome new members and introduction round
* Election of Co-Chair
* Update on the TSC and first meeting
* TSC questions
* Events
* Use Cases

## Summary of decisions and actions
* Introductions made 
* Newcomer to the call: Roby Luna and Max Lesser
* Election of Co-Chair
	* In a message from 29 January 2024 to the PGB mailing list, Georgianna Shea of FDD informed the PGB that she would be stepping down from the PGB, and thus the co-chair positions as well. She informed the PGB that her colleague Max Lesser would replace her as the PGB rep for FDD.
	* She also nominated Max as a new co-chair. A call for nominations did not receive any other nominees.
	* A call for objections on the mailing list did not receive any objections.
	* Danielle asked the members present in this meeting for approval, which was given with no one dissenting, and Max was duly elected and welcomed as Co-chair.
* TSC overview (Jon)
	* Jon gave an overview of the recruitment progress. Five additional members had been recruited to join Stephen in an inaugural meeting the previous day.
	* Danielle raised the need for diversity. The PGB accepted this need, and so Stephen/Jon took the action to review the long list and seek others to add further diversity to the PGB.
	* Stephen spoke about the first  ice-breaker meeting held yesterday.  Present were:
				* Milan Jovanovic, Debunk.org
				* Stephen Campbell, DISARM Foundation
				* Yanis Naceur, SGDSN/Viginum
				* Samuel Hassine, Filigran
				* Carl Miller, DEMOS/CASM
				* Anil Bandhakavi, Logically
* TSC questions (Stephen)
	* The PGB had a number of questions, answered mainly by Stephen
	* Contributions – how will these be made?
		* A two-phase process:  1. Research and 2. Development.
		* Research will brainstorming and creating slides.
		* Development will be building and shaping assets into contributions for the repo.
	* How will we approach the extensions to STIX?
		* The main choice is whether to use the ‘open’ extension or ‘specification candidate’ route.
		* At this stage – and likely into the future – we will not go the ‘full’ (spec) option.
		* The CTI-TC is still working on the extensions policy.
	* Use cases
		* Brief discussion of the need for use cases. Max and Jon will put their heads together and include the ideas already put forward by George. They will then run a use case matrix past Stephen, before presenting back to a future PGB meeting.
* Events
	* Jane reported on  European Cloud conference and an Open Cyber Alliance event in the DC area See:
		* [European Identity and Cloud Conference 2024](https://www.kuppingercole.com/events/eic2024)
		* [OCA Cybersecurity Automation Village](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cybersecurity-automation-village-registration-796037719247)
		* Max offered to attend.
	* GRF and National Council of ISACs webinars
		* Jane also led a discussion on the presentation being planned for the GRF/NCI. Targeting a date in late April. 
		* Several potential themes and topics for the webinars were discussed.
		* Jane needs title and overview by the end of next week. Max will take this on.
* Any other business
	* Danielle has asked Charles to present at the March PGB meeting, on ‘Indicators of manipulation’ use case.

