# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting

## Date: 18 September 2025

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Max Lesser (FDD), Anais Meunier (Storyzy),

**Apologies:** Rachele Gilman (GDI), Viktoras Dauk≈°as (DebunkEU), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Charles Smith (JHU/APL)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

## Agenda

* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (2 minutes)  
  * TSC Update (Mark) (10m)  
  * 9/10 presentation (Paris)  
  * Current samples and tools  
  * What does the TSC need for help?  
  * Have we followed up with other potential TSC members?  
* Impact of AI (Group Discussion) (25m)   
  * AI weaponizes deception. Shared intelligence democratizes defense. What is the right way to integrate AI capabilities into the framework and what is the relative urgency based on where we are?  
* Comms (Danielle) (15m)  
* Upcoming Events and status (plus targets for 2026\)  
  * RSA Submissions  
  * Webinar (are we ready?)   
  * Call for blog posts (next 6 months)   
  * Tools for communications 

## Meeting Notes

* **Meeting scheduling discussion**  
  * The group discussed scheduling challenges and decided to move the AI impact discussion to the October meeting. Danielle proposed sending out an agenda in advance to ensure better attendance. Claudia agreed to send an email tomorrow to gauge if a different meeting time would improve participation. The conversation ended with plans to begin TSC updates, though the transcript ended before these updates could be discussed.  
* **TSC Progress and Diagram Search**  
  * Mark provided an update on the TSC's progress, noting that while they are running slightly behind their end-of-month target, a beta version with the new objects and relationships should be feasible within the next two months.   
* **TSC Representative Role Transition**  
  * Mark suggested that he be replaced as the TSC representative to the PGB, proposing that one of the TSC co-chairs take on this role to improve communication efficiency. Danielle agreed to reach out to Margot and Rosalie about this possibility.  
* **Project Updates and Future Involvement**  
  * Max explained that while financial services and scam use cases are important, he hasn't had time to be hands-on with the modeling project due to other commitments. He indicated he might be able to provide more involvement around mid-October. Mark noted that previous work on use cases was nearly complete but hadn't been published, with Max expressing some hesitation about publishing use cases that might be sensitive in nature.  
* **Website Content Organization Planning**  
  * Max and Mark discussed organizing previous meeting content for potential website use, with Mark expressing concerns about time constraints due to the start of semester. Danielle suggested organizing the content in a way that highlights desired use cases while avoiding potential risks. Max agreed to take the lead on organizing the content and will coordinate with Danielle and Claudia to get it uploaded to the website once complete.  
* **AI Strategy**   
  * Danielle proposed scheduling a discussion with the full group about AI's impact on technology and how it should influence TSC work in 2026, planning to push this to the October meeting.  
* **Event Planning**  
  * The group reviewed upcoming events, including Rosalie and Victor's presentation at NATO EAS Normal Joint Analytic Conference in Paris and Rachele's commitment to the FIMI-ISAC meeting. Max suggested submitting a paper for CyberWarCon in Arlington by the end of the month, and Danielle proposed organizing a DAD-CDM webinar for early to mid-November.  
* **Website Content and Communication Tools**  
  * The team discussed creating content for the website, including a webinar or pre-recorded video and potential blog posts. They explored the possibility of submitting content to RSA. Danielle raised concerns about Slack's 90-day message retention policy, but Claudia explained that switching to a paid account or Discord was not feasible due to budget constraints and limited resources. 

## Action Items

* Claudia to send an email to all PGB members to check if the current meeting time works   
* Max to organize the use case document and share it with Danielle for website content.  
* Danielle to send out an early agenda for the October meeting including the AI impact topic.  
* Danielle to follow up with Margo and Rosalie about potentially having one of them represent the TSC at PGB meetings.  
* Danielle and Max to discuss a potential submission for CyberWarCon.  
* Danielle to organize a follow-up meeting with Anais, Max, and Rosalie to discuss modeling campaigns using STIX.  
* Anais to share article ideas for blog content.
