# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFZ

## Date: 2025-03-20


**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Max Lesser (FDD),  Rachele Gilman (GDI), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Anais Meunier (Storyzy)

**Apologies:**  Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares),  Charles Smith (JHU/APL)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS)

_Quorum: 8 PGB members, 5 needed for quorum, 6 members present_

## Agenda

* Call to order, assess quorum, Welcome Rachele\! (Danielle) (5m)  
* **Discussion of [TSC Key Finding Document](https://github.com/DAD-CDM/dad-cdm-tsc/blob/main/DAD-CDM-Key-Findings-202502.md)** (Danielle) (15m)  
  * Published on GitHub now but PDF was sent last month.   
  * Bring your feedback\!  
* **TSC Update** (Mark) (10m)  
* **Working Group Status** (Danielle) (15m)  
  * Comms Group \- [Upcoming Events](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rGHK44Hvuo06iCPkoYEMdajcDiinoXrpnbT_7XPF_v0/edit?usp=sharing)  
  * Review of presented [use cases and exercises](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JmA4ij9v1m3-haZ0Sa5TcRnUFlIY8yBb?usp=drive_link) at RightsCon  
  * Blue Group—Now that Jon is stepping back, Do we have someone who wants to take this on?

## Minutes

* Call to order, assess quorum, Welcome Rachele\! (Danielle) (5m)  
  * Danielle welcomes Rachele Gilman, newly elected third co-chair  
* **Discussion of [TSC Key Finding Document](https://github.com/DAD-CDM/dad-cdm-tsc/blob/main/DAD-CDM-Key-Findings-202502.md)** (Danielle) (15m)  
  * Danielle uploaded the document to the TSC repo on Github for feedback and encouraged others to provide input.  
  * Claudia suggested sharing a PDF version and writing a blog post for wider dissemination.   
    * ACTION: Danielle to summarize the document for the blog post.   
    * Decision to share the blog post on social media and link to the Github document, with the option for feedback to be sent via the DAD-CDM mailing list or Github issues.  
  * Danielle suggested that someone from the PGB or TSC should join the next CTI TC call to give an update. Jane agreed and offered to coordinate this with Mark.   
  * Viktoras suggested creating a visual representation of the object graph to simplify communication with potential partners. Mark cautioned that while a graph could be useful, it might not fully represent the complex relationships and attributes they are still working on. He suggested starting with a partial graph.  
    *  Viktoras offered to share an example of a partial graph with Mark.  
* **Working Group Status** (Danielle) (15m)  
  * Comms Group \- [Upcoming Events](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rGHK44Hvuo06iCPkoYEMdajcDiinoXrpnbT_7XPF_v0/edit?usp=sharing)  
    * Danielle and Jane discussed the status of upcoming events and potential participation.   
    * Jane mentioned a panel session at the OCA CASP Village and the possibility of attending Black Hat.   
    * Danielle suggested using the practical exercises from RightsCon for the Black Hat proposal. Max offered to help with the Black Hat proposal  
    * Jane and Danielle discuss potential speaking opportunities at upcoming events, particularly the AI for Good Summit in Switzerland. Jane suggests coordinating between the CTI TC and other OASIS groups to present a broader discussion.  
    * Danielle proposes reaching out for potential speakers at the Cambridge Disinfo Summit, while Rachele offers to attend as she's based in the UK. Rachele offers to introduce Jane to her contact for the Cambridge event.  
    * Jane and Danielle discussed the possibility of participating in the FIRST conference in Copenhagen, with Claudia offering to man the booth, in case there will be DAD-CDM presentation.  
  * Review of presented [use cases and exercises](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JmA4ij9v1m3-haZ0Sa5TcRnUFlIY8yBb?usp=drive_link) at RightsCon  
    * Danielle shared the slides and use cases from her presentation at Rightscon for further reference  
  * Blue Working Group—Now that Jon is stepping back, Do we have someone who wants to take this on?  
    * The Blue working group, initially led by John, was intended to focus on defensive handling. However, due to lack of time and resources, the group was decided to be sunset.   
* **TSC Update** (Mark) (10m)  
  * Mark provided an short update on the work of the TSC  
  * No recent TSC meetings, but asynchronous work

## Action Items

* Danielle to write a blog post summarizing the TSC document for the DAD-CDM website  
* Claudia to create a PDF version of the TSC document with DAD CDM logo  
* Jane to coordinate with Mark to arrange DAD-CDM representation at the next CTI TC call  
* Viktoras to share an example of a STIX object graph with Mark  
* Jane to reach out to Health-ISAC contacts regarding opportunities for Mark to present at the Naples event  
* Jane to explore presentation opportunities for DAD CDM at the First Conference in Copenhagen  
* Rachele to send information about her team member who could support the TSC to Mark  
* Max to reach out with potential new TSC member contact
