# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## Date: 2025-02-20

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Max Lesser (FDD),  Margot Fulde-Hardy (sitting in for Mark as TSC rep), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Viktoras Dauk≈°as (DebunkEU)

**Apologies:** Quentin Denigot (Storyzy),  Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares),  Charles Smith (JHU/APL)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS), 

## Agenda
* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (1 minute)
  * If quorum, vote on Max Lesser to continue as Co-Chair. (3 minutes)
* Discuss the addition of a non-US 3rd Co-Chair (Danielle) (5 minutes)
* TSC Update (see attachment to review) (Margot) (15 minutes) 
* RightsCon Logistics (Danielle) (10 minutes)
* Recruiting new PGB members or sponsors (10 minutes)
* Other business and working group updates (10 minutes)

## Minutes
* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (1 minute)
  * If quorum, vote on Max Lesser to continue as Co-Chair. (3 minutes)
  * Discuss the addition of a non-US 3rd Co-Chair (Danielle) (5 minutes)
    * No quorum
    * Option for 3 co-chairs discussed to address diversity in location. Jamie confirms that it is possible to have 3 co-chairs.
    * Jon nominates Rachele during the meeting; Max was previously nominated on the mailing list.
    * ACTION: Claudia to open a ballot before the weekend
* TSC Update (see attachment to review) (Margot) (15 minutes)     
  * Margot presented a summary of proposed improvements to STIX, including a table of existing and potential new objects related to FIMI. 
  * An overview document with key findings and suggestions created by the TSC was shared with the PGB ahead of the meeting
  * Danielle inquired about the progress of object identification, and Margot confirmed that the main concepts are outlined, but technical implementation details need further work. 
  * The group agreed to post the document publicly on Github to receive feedback, emphasizing that it's a proposal open to community input rather than a finalized version.
* Event / Recruiting new PGB members or sponsors (10 minutes) (Danielle) (10 minutes)
  * Danielle led a discussion about the upcoming RightsCon presentation and the potential for a webinar or blog submission to RSA. 
  * Danielle proposed focusing on disingenuous practices rather than political misinformation to attract a wider audience. 
  * Max suggested expanding the project's scope to include market manipulation and scams, which could attract more funding and resources from larger partners. The team agreed to consider this proposal and      * Margot requested more details to assess the feasibility from a technical perspective.
  * ACTION: Max to send an email with details about market manipulation use cases to Margot and the TSC.
  * ACTION: Jane to work with RSA to schedule a potential webinar if the presentation is not accepted within a month.
  * ACTION: Jane to coordinate with Viktor regarding his attendance and potential speaking opportunity at the EU Cyber Act Conference in Brussels.
* Other business and working group updates (10 minutes)
  * No time left for this agenda item

