# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 17 April 2025

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Max Lesser (FDD), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Mark Finlayson (TSC rep)

**Apologies:**  Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares),  Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Anais Meunier (Storyzy)

**Guests**: Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS)

## Agenda

* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (5 minutes)  
* Blog Posts for TSC Key Finding Documents (Danielle) (5 minutes)  
* TSC Update (Mark) (10m)  
* Working Group Status (Danielle) (15m)  
  * Comms Group:  
    * Upcoming Events and Status  
    * Website plans  
    * Webinar \+ for RSA  
    * Blog brainstorm for RSA

## Notes

* Blog posts about TSC Key Findings Document  
  * Danielle presented the content of two blog posts she wrote to promote the TSC Key Findings Document.  
  * Danielle sought feedback on the use of certain terminology and the approach to breaking down the document into two sections. She also mentioned the need for further edits and the addition of pictures for the DAD-CDM website  
  * The meeting discussed the timing for releasing and promoting the blog posts, deciding to publish the first part next week and the second part during the RSA Conference  
  * Claudia offered to create the posts on the website once they’ve been reviewed by the TSC.  
  * The group discussed the best process to invite experts to offer commentary on the TSC Key Findings documents.They clarified that while comments can be made without signing a contributor license agreement (CLA), contributions that lead to changes in the project may require it.  
    * Claudia will suggest a process and tool to share for commentary.  
* TSC Update  
  * Mark mentions the TSC's desire to adjust the timeline or their work and find a motivating deadline, e.g. a conference or another event, possibly in late summer or early fall.  
  * The meeting also discussed the process for new TSC members, with the PGB needing to approve them  
  * Mark reported that Rosalie will create a repository to help members format, evaluate, and test existing schemas  
  * Mark inquired about any changes in stakeholder expectations, to which the team responded that there were none.   
* Events Update  
  *  Jane updates the group on upcoming events, including Rachele's attendance at the Cambridge misinformation summit and the Global ISAC Forum in June.  
  * She also discussed potential opportunities for presentations and workshops at various events, including Black Hat and FIRST conference.   
  * Danielle proposed a workshop at FIRST conference, but funding and logistics were concerns.   
  * Rachele suggested reaching out to Globsec for potential opportunities and proposed a TSC speaker at Fimi ISAC events in the Fall.  
  * Danielle suggested targeting the event in October, and agreed to continue exploring the idea of a motivating event for new TSC work  
  * The group decided to use Black Hat as a deadline. Jane will explore ways to promote DAD-CDM at the event, including a data sheet for attendees.   
* Webinar Planning and Campaign Discussion  
  * Danielle proposed a webinar for the last week of May or the first week of June, with a potential abstract ready by the May meeting. Max suggested a campaign targeting financial services companies, possibly with two use cases mapped. The first use case will be the Stock Market Manipulation case we have documented. Max will prepare an overview of the campaign for the May meeting. Danielle offered to assist by funding another financial services use case and doing preliminary mapping.

## Action Items

* Danielle to send Claudia a list of website text changes by Monday next week.  
* Max to prepare an abstract for the planned webinar for the May meeting.  
* Mark to communicate updates and questions from the meeting to the TSC at their Tuesday meeting.  
* Jane to research and reach out about potential collaboration opportunities with EU Disinfolab.  
* Claudia to work with Rosalie to set up a testing repository in the DADDCDM organization.  
* Danielle to look for another use case besides stock market manipulation for mapping exercises.  
* Danielle to add an agenda item for next month's meeting regarding finding a new secretary.

